# Chloe_Felina
Chloe Felina can be classified as a rule-based expert system. However, it is not entirely accurate. Although there is a predetermined and in-depth coded rules that the algorithms follow, calling it a true rule-based expert system would be misleading. Firstly, how it behaves is directly proportional to the amount of data archived in the generated/used database. Secondly, information about entities (i.e., image files, text file, Word documents, PDFs, Shapefiles, and File Geodatabases) is determined from the entities themselves and recorded and stored in organized zip files. Thirdly, as of writing, the database used by Chloe Felina needs to be initialized and commanded to be generated by the user as well as needing to be commanded to attempt to update said database. Fourthly, the vast majority of the logic is based upon deductive and inductive reasoning allowing Chloe Felina to be efficient despite being programmed, as of writing, exclusively in Python, avoiding redundancy as much as possible.

Chloe Felina has been designed with the philosophy of being able to function fully offline and work on any computer with Windows OS installed on it as well as acting as a virtual helper/assistant. It is not as feature-rich as I desire it to be. Currently, the Dynamic Term Search Query System is the only thing fully implemented.

However, this is alone can be substantially helpful, especially for those with computers with disorganized files and/or want to find a particular file that has a certain name/word/phrase within it and cannot remember where or what the file is. While Windows has a built-in feature for File Explorer that allows you to search file and folder names as well as their content, you have to search within multiple folders to find what you are looking for or have it search the entirety of a drive, which tends to be slow, the Dynamic Term Search Query System is a lot faster and easier to use as it only requires Chloe Felina gathering data on a specified directory and/or nested directories for it to search for the existence of a term and then quickly check the database for any entities that have that term present. In addition, once a term has been search, if the term is search again or any future searches contain it, it will referenced the saved search results and use only those search results to check for the presence of the term. For example, say you inputted "plagioclase" as a search and got the results for it. The entities found to have that term present will be saved for future reference. If you then inputted "plagioclase feldspar" as a search, instead of checking the entirety of Chloe Felina's database, it will note that "plagioclase" has already had its results determined and check for all the entities that have "plagioclase" in them for "plagioclase feldspar" allowing the execution time for finding entities that have the term to be cut to a fraction of what it would be if the entire database was checked. It will not search for "plagioclase" and "feldspar" separately. In addition, capitalization is ignored when conducting searches. You can turn off/disable this "terms searched caching" feature; however, it is extremely recommended that you leave it enabled by default.

A more practicle use case for searchQuery would be the following example. Say you are wanting to find that document of that thesis paper you worked on for college cannot remember what it is called but do remember some keywords of what the thesis paper entailed. Also, you know that it is located somewhere in your Documents folder but you don't know where as it is a cluttered mess of random files and folders. With Chloe Felina, all you'd need to do, for example, is:

```python
from chloeFelina import cat

felia = cat.ChloeAI()
felia.getNestedDirectoryData("C:/Users/YOURUSERNAME/Documents")
felia.searchQuery("thesis",save_results_to_file=True,output_name="FindMyThesisPaper")
```

In order to properly utilize Chloe Felina, you must first initialize the database by:

```python
from chloeFelina import cat

felia = cat.CholeAI()
```

Having ChloeAI without parameters will automatically create a database folder in the current user's Documents folder called "datenaro". If you want to specify where database will be and/or the name, you can input them in parameters.

```python
from chloeFelina import cat

felia = cat.ChloeAI(database_location="explict/path/to/directory", database_name="Custom Name Here")
```

The main feature of Chloe Felina at the moment is: finding items with a specified word/term/phrase embedded in them.

It is extremely recommended to install the following modules via pip to get the most out of Chloe Felina:

- pillow (handles image files)
- openpyxl (allows creating outputs as Excel files)
- docx (handles Word files)
- docx2python (mainly helps with reading .doc files)
- pypdf (handles PDFs)
- win32api (required to utilize the full functionality of chloeFelina.cat.ChloeAI.updateAndRefreshArchive)
- tqdm (for optional display of progress)

```
pip install pillow openpyxl docx docx2python pypdf pywin32 tqdm
```

Made in loving dedication and memory to my precious feline pet, friend, and family member: Chloe Link.
